THINGS TO INSTALL --save-dev
    1. css-loader
    2. style-loader
    3. jquery
    4. foundation-sites
    5. script-loader

THINGS TO MODIFY IN webpack.config
    1. Change the entry point to an array with your app.jsx, jquery/dist/jquery.min.js, and foundation-sites/dist/foundation.min.js
        a. app.jsx must go last
        b. to invoke script-loader on the min.js files, add "script!" before each one.
    2. Under entry, add externals object{}
        a. inside, put jquery: "jQuery", so you can access the jquery module by using the name "jQuery".

    3. Under externals, add a plugins array[]
        a. Inside, place new webpack.providePlugin({})
        b. Inside of this. tell webpack that $ stands for "jquery", and "jQuery" also stands for "jquery"

    4. Load in webpack utilities so you can use the $ for jquery's abbreviation
        1. use var webpack = require("webpack")

THINGS TO MODIFY IN app.js
    1. Load in the css with foundation, require("foundation-sites/dist/foundation.min.css")
    2. Add a style! and  css! tag on the front to use the special css-loader thing.
    3. Use your jquery to start foundation with $(document).foundation() method.

USING STYLE CLASSES
    1. Make sure that you use className rather than class when specifying css classes, because class is reserved in jsx.
    2. If something bugs out, use the chrome element selector to figure out what the selector is, then use that selector in your css to override.
    3. IMPORTANT: Remember to check the foundation docs for stuff you can change.

THE FILE SYSTEM
    1. Don't use just app.scss, you want to break them into pieces with _ at the start of the filename, to show that it's partial.
    2. In "styles" make a base and a components directory
    3. In "base", make an scss file for the variables you're going to use for colors and margins and stuff
    4. In "components" make an scss file for each component to link the base variables to it
    5. import the files with @import "base/variables", which is ruby syntax(?)
    6. Any time you want to style a new component, you need a new @import in the app.scss, and a new _(component named).scss
    7. You can define any $variables to use in any other scss file in the base/variables.scss file.

FOUNDATION USEFUL STUFF
    To use the grid system, place "row" on a wrapper div, and "column" on the inner divs
    Use small-centered to center it unconditionally, then medium- and large- follow by how many grid sectors you want to use.